I tell you
My little girl may have done it.
She used to do all the housework at home
And a big butt
Take good care of yourself
What are you doing you dead girl
You have hard wings and dare to talk to the old lady like that
If you hadn't forced me
I have to find you a decent job
Otherwise don't recognize me
I just begged a master to come. What nonsense?
When did I force you, little girl?
Don't be angry
Your mom went to great lengths
I just got you a clerical job from the Provincial Department of Education
Households can also be transferred back to the provincial capital
Pack up and come with us
No you are crazy
Why don't you go? It's such a good opportunity!
I see you are itchy
Have something to say
vowel
Is this Comrade Rong?
Well, he was right.
Does Ning'an's mother teach her children not to be so impatient?
Have something to say
Yes, Ning'an's mother Xiao Yuan is a good boy
Don't you know?
He got in this time, I don't care what he got in
You ungrateful white-eyed wolf
If you don't go back to my mother today
Believe it or not, I'll tear you apart.
I am your mother
Ah, I pulled you from the last shit
Pull it up, I worked hard to pull you up
That's how you treat me
You are not my mother
I have already paid for your kindness in raising me
If you have something to say, please come back if you have nothing to do.
What would rather not be your own?
An unfilial you
How dare you deny me?
You have to die when lightning strikes you
Then you dare to take out Ning Yuanwai
Does your whole family swear by dead monkeys and previous lives?
If you were Ning Yuan's biological mother
Are all of them going to die?